let him cost a pity and Kuzmin
passes birch
then falls on the embankment of the Volga
then completely overgrown with reeds
paintings on the walls of the entrance
come to life
during the trip he
a feeling that will not leave the country
when we are in the picture
there kokoyty attributes of household goods and
here we have this situation in the spring when
walks into the porch we see that there somewhere
our history
this is our Russian
a picturesque portrait of the tenants began to decorate
home flowers in the port even woke up
kindness
day after day, new doors will appear
paintings tenants were at a loss
who draws so familiar
Astrakhan landscapes turned out that 372 3
apartments so that they have a lot
by themselves their paintings at night
such an idea was involved
at first it seemed impracticable
did not always succeed
partnership relationships such
things
it is expected that the cult of personality and
I did not know yet
tons reaction
it's just a job
in the first reading of his that in his execution
tomorrow in the first batch that may
do
then they thanked me with paint
the artist fell for his money flat with
Recently, he does not live moved
creativity Boris Chernichenko found his
place and on the facade of the new place
residence
apparatus
since in apartment
dogs live has become more fun
artist two of four wife took
straight from the street one of them is barren motives
lav moved the train
literally lifeless in Poland
put on his feet made a special
a stroller recently familiar asked
do the same
I could not say the author
little dog do not go
here for a dog just who its
hind legs
here is the composition of the very such are run across
ps wheel notices
lack of hind legs dog rain people with
childhood says they have something to learn
to people
and of course there are different terms
but why is it probably not his
the fact that there is not enough kindness and cassation
life culture considers the main
the wealth of the people
however, we must cherish the words multiply
transfer to descendants
probably therefore Boris could not pass
past the dying dog there is confidence
any situation will help people
by request already promised to come
most entrance complete earlier
started the ninth floor but for now without a picture
and also recognized the edge yes there is Astrakhan
areas